docs: add Electron 28 blog post (#479)
electron/website: blog/electron-28-0.md

---
title: Electron 28.0.0
date: 2023-11-28T00:00:00.000Z
authors:
  - name: ckerr
    url: 'https://github.com/ckerr'
    image_url: 'https://github.com/ckerr.png?size=96'
slug: electron-28-0
---

Electron 28.0.0 has been released! It includes upgrades to Chromium `120.0.6099.56`, V8 `12.0`, and Node.js `18.18.2`.

---

The Electron team is excited to announce the release of Electron 28.0.0! You can install it with npm via `npm install electron@latest` or download it from our [releases website](https://releases.electronjs.org/releases/stable). Continue reading for details about this release.

If you have any feedback, please share it with us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/electronjs) or [Mastodon](https://social.lfx.dev/@electronjs), or join our community [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/electronjs)! Bugs and feature requests can be reported in Electron's [issue tracker](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues).

## Notable Changes

## Highlights

> - Implemented support for ECMAScript modules or ESM (What are ECMAScript modules? [learn more here](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html#modules-ecmascript-modules). This includes support for ESM in Electron proper, as well as areas such as the `UtilityProcess` API entrypoints. See [#37535](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/37535). and [#40047](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/40047) for more details

Reviewer: Instead of linking the PRs should we just link the docs? https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/esm

- In addition to enabling ESM support in Electron itself, Electron Forge also supports using ESM to package, build and develop Electron applications. You can find this support in [Forge v7.0.0](https://github.com/electron/forge/releases/tag/v7.0.0) or higher.

### Stack Changes

- Chromium `120.0.6099.56`
  - New in [Chrome 119](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-chrome-119/) and in [DevTools 119](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-devtools-119/)
  - New in [Chrome 120](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-chrome-120/) and in [DevTools 120](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-devtools-120/)
- Node `18.18.2`
  - [Node 18.18.0 notes](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v18.18.0/)
  - [Node 18.18.1 notes](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v18.18.1/)
  - [Node 18.18.2 notes](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v18.18.2/)
- V8 `12.0`

### New Features

- Enabled ESM support. [#37535](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/37535)

>   - For more details, see the [ESM documentation](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/main/docs/tutorial/esm.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - For more details, see the [ESM documentation](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/latest/tutorial/esm).
```
